>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
what are we gonna cover today?
So we're gonna talk about
the background of each data structure,
each of these data
structures listed below.
We're going to talk about how
we use them in real life.
How we're gonna implement them.
We're gonna analyze them.
And then,
I hope that you guys gain experience and
intuition through practicing with just
some classic problems related to these
data structures.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
so how to succeed, how to be effective.
Like I mentioned earlier,
don't memorize, it's not gonna help you.
But learn the overall concepts and
think about how you're gonna apply them.
Keep these tools in your belt.
But be able to adapt them to
the various problems that
maybe thrown at you in an interview.
You wanna find themes, but
don't jump to conclusions.
This is important,
once you start having that intuition,
do not let your assumptions take over.
Once you start to have an assumption,
clarify with your interviewer and
that is totally fine,
but don't run with it.
If it seems like a good way to
solve a problem is with a stack,
say that, don't just keep it to yourself,
cuz it might not
actually be what you expect.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Rule #3
is practice with a timer
because speed matters.
Most people, when they go
through the interview process,
they don't do well the technical portion.
Not because they don't know the theory and
the analysis, but
because they aren't able to solve
the problems in enough time.
So they would have arrived at an answer,
but it just took them a long time.
So practicing a lot in getting fast
is really important to get through,
even just the initial phone screen.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
so, you wanna be able to
solve these problems.
Some of them are longer than others,
but typically, like, 30 minutes.
You wanna able to, or even like some
of these, like 20, 10 to 20 minutes.
Some of them are very like
entry level problems, but
you wanna try to do it as fast as you can.
Next point, actually, practice.
Reading does not count,
reading the solution does not count as
actually practicing because
that's the memorization piece.
It is not the, have a tool and
adapt it, technique.
So you can read the solutions and
go through them, but
it doesn't replace actually,
struggling through a problem.
I recently took an interview prep class,
and
they said to struggle for
two hours before looking.
But that's pretty brutal,
I don't know if I recommend that.
But that was their recommendation,
like struggle for two hours and
then ask for help, and
then look at the solutions online.
So every common interview question has
a solution online, it's out there.
And last but probably the most important,
make sure you communicate really well,
and that you're nice
throughout the whole time.
Even if you're frustrated, even if it's
not going well, even if you don't know,
communicate, be polite,
it'll get you a long way.